internal/exec: don't relabel a mountpoint that already exists (#1608)
coreos/ignition: docs/release-notes.md

- Document that `hash` fields describe decompressed data
- Correctly document Tang `advertisement` field as optional

> - Fix relabling mountpoints which already exist

Reviewer: hmm that verbiage sounds like we are allowing the relabeling of mountpoints which already exist. 

WDYT about
"Correctly avoid relabeling a mount point that exists"

Author: SGTM!

- Clarify documentation of `passwordHash` fields
- Correctly document Tang `advertisement` field as optional
- Fix failure disabling nonexistent unit with systemd ≥ 252

> - Correctly avoid relabeling a mount point that exists

Reviewer 2: "Correctly" is a bit strong.  Relabeling is probably harmless most of the time.  Maybe:

```suggestion
- Don't relabel a mount point that already exists
```
